Comment CollateralOpts & update README.md (#88)
makerdao/dss-exec-lib: README.md

DssExecLib.setChangelogAddress("MCD_CLIP_CALC_XMPL-A", xmpl_calc);
```

> - `ilk`:                  Bytes32 result of the hyphenated, all caps collateral type name (e.g. "WBTC-C")

Reviewer: I'm not sure this extended description is required. It's possible governance may choose other labeling methodologies.

Consider the following. 

```suggestion
- `ilk`:                  Collateral type (e.g. "WBTC-C")
```

> - `gem`:                  Address of the particular underlying token (e.g. WBTC)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gem`:                  Address of underlying token (e.g. WBTC)
```

> - `gem`:                  Address of the particular underlying token (e.g. WBTC), found in the latest MCD deployment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `gem`:                  Address of the particular underlying token (e.g. WBTC)
```

The last piece made it sound like WBTC was deployed with DSS in my opinion

- `join`:                 Address of deployed GemJoin contract
- `clip`:                 Address of auction Clip contract
- `calc`:                 Address of Abacus pricing contract
- `pip`:                  Address of Pip price feed contract
- `isLiquidatable`:       Boolean indicating whether liquidations are enabled for collateral
- `isOsm`:                Boolean indicating whether pip address used is an OSM contract
- `whitelistOsm`:         Boolean indicating whether median is src in OSM

> - `ilkDebtCeiling`:       Debt ceiling (maximum amount of DAI able to be minted from a given ilk collectively) for new collateral

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ilkDebtCeiling`:       Debt ceiling (maximum amount of DAI able to be minted from a given ilk) for new collateral
```

> - `ilkDebtCeiling`:       Debt ceiling (maximum amount of DAI able to be minted from a given vault collectively) for new collateral

Reviewer: The debt ceiling does not apply to vaults specifically, it's the total Dai that can be generated out of that particular ilk by all vaults.

> - `minVaultAmount`:       Minimum DAI vault amount a particular user can generate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `minVaultAmount`:       Minimum debt denominated in DAI a single vault can have (dust)
```

> - `minVaultAmount`:       Minimum DAI vault amount a particular user can generate at a time

Reviewer: Not sure about the "at a time" part. The limitation is only on the vault. Once it's above the dust you can generate or repay in smaller amounts.

- `maxLiquidationAmount`: Max DAI amount per vault for liquidation for new collateral
- `liquidationPenalty`:   Basis point percent liquidation penalty for new collateral [ex. 13.5% == 1350]
- `ilkStabilityFee`:      Percent stability fee for new collateral, per-second-rate obtained from the "Stability Fee" gov proposal parameter [ex. 4% == 1000000001243680656318820312]
- `startingPriceFactor`:  Basis point percentage to multiply for initial auction price [ex. 1.3x == 130% == 13000 bps]

> - `breakerTolerance`:     Percentage of how large of a price drop is tolerated before liquidations are paused [ex. 0.5x == 50% == 5000 bps]

Reviewer 2: @brianmcmichael is this in one oracle update or over some other measure of time?  Also how do auctions get turned back on? Is that a governance action?

Reviewer: Check out the ClipperMom for details. There's some documentation there on [setPriceTolerance](https://github.com/makerdao/clipper-mom/blob/master/src/ClipperMom.sol#L115-L122) and also [tripBreaker](https://github.com/makerdao/clipper-mom/blob/master/src/ClipperMom.sol#L134-L156)

Reviewer: maybe the comment here can mention it's for the clipperMom's price breaker.

- `auctionDuration`:      Total auction duration before reset for new collateral in Solidity time unit
- `permittedDrop`:        Basis point percent an auction can drop before it can be reset

> - `liquidationRatio`:     Basis point percent liquidation ratio for new collateral, sets the maximum amount of DAI debt that a vault user can draw from their vault given the value of their collateral locked in that vault [ex. 150% == 15000]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `liquidationRatio`:     Basis point percent liquidation ratio for new collateral, sets the maximum amount of DAI debt that a vault can have given the value of their collateral locked in that vault [ex. 150% == 15000] without facing liquidation
```

- `gem`:                  Address of collateral token
- `join`:                 Address of GemJoin contract
- `clip`:                 Address of Clip contract

> - `calc`:                 Address of Abacus pricing contract, "Auction Price Function (calc)" gov proposal parameter

Reviewer: I don't know if the contracts should have knowledge of governance labels, and I'm not sure they are standardized anyway.

Author: > 

Indeed, they're not (and already changed since the PR). CES has this info in a Notion doc, I'll edit back the PR to just the README update and coordinate with the rest of the folks to post it to an existing docs site. Thanks Brian!
